Yes.
So it's time to start the equality contest and let's solve all these problems one by one.
We'll be using both.
Yeah, we'll be using, first of all, these three steps one, two and three that have already finding
all the problems.
And then in some of the problems and solved both top down and bottom of approach very well wherever.
I think that yes, it will be a little tough for students to do it.
And so I'll call it out and we'll summit all these problems.
Great.
What I expect from you when I solve these problems is that.
Wesley, I want you to go over the problems and buy one yourself and read them out.
Try to solve them yourself first, and then, like, even if you have solved it, just come back and
watch the video and then we'll do it my way and we'll solve all the problems.
Well, let's begin with the first problem, so you can easily come to this page by typing it on Google
Education or deep context and go there.
You'll get the first link, you'll have these ask here and let's open the first problem.
Which program?
One.
Right, so yeah.
Who via like Edgardo read by chose this because it has all types of problems, all difficulty types
of problems too and ability and some different ways of going to anime programming.
And the most important part is that in a coder you'll have.
Precise problem statements.
You won't have much stories revolving around it.
It will be direct.
You have been given this.
You have to find this.
These are the constants.
This is the time.
Solve it.
So some precise problems because of an event.
We are trying to educate our self interview.
We are trying to learn something new.
And we do not want to, you know, keep extra things in our mind.
Some names and some other.
Oh, stuff from the problem.
We wanted it to be very simple.
We want to understand the logic part and we want to move on it.
So, yes, let's move on with this first problem.
The pause, the video.
Read it out.
Solve it yourself.
I won't be repeating it again.
And then I'll this it.
The rhinestones numbered one twin broad for each either side of stone j grade.
There is a frog who is initially on stone one.
Even repeat the following action some number of times to reach stone and.
If the frog is currently on store in a dump to store an A-plus one or A-plus to be the cost.
Of etching minus x2 is incurred, which is a stone reliant on one particular stone.
I can go do stone I plus one or I can go too soon.
I blister eight and the cost which is incurred in jumping is equal to at two minus e.g. the difference
between the heights of stones need the absolute difference right now.
What does it say?
Find the minimum possible total costs incurred before the frog reaches.
Born in great.
So let's move on to some examples.
Here we have four, ten, 30, 40.
Right.
So.
Let me quickly go over this example once.
All.
Ten 1340.
So here we have this 410.
And 40, 40 and 20 days.
Initially, he's on 118 to let me make this small.
Eddie of face for.
Well, he's an Italian stone.
When they.
What I like, what I do is what will be my one step in solving a recursive programming problem.
It's a forming a state.
They will form a state for place.
So here, I'll have this.
Areas of area.
So ffi will represent.
What is it for fight?
What does caution demand?
Right.
So the question demands the minimum possible total costs incurred before the frog registering it.
So what is FFI in this case?
I can be easily formed from this if I want f of and to be the final answer.
If let's say f of an is final answer.
Last answer that I need in watcher to f of and contain it should contain the minimum possible total
cost incurred before the frog registrant and need.
So what is for FY?
Simple minimum.
Possible.
It will do.
Incurred.
Before.
Frog reaches.
Simple as that, right?
So what is the cost to guys when frog is at index zero or they're indexing at one base and it mutates
one, two, three and four?
At Index Fund.
What is the total cost that a frog has initially is on stage one only.
Right.
So he'll have a cost of zero.
It should be very clear that in Italy the frog is on.
One.
That means he does not have any ghost.
What does this mean?
Let's think of this in a different way.
The best guesses based guesses mean only one thing that.
Okay.
If the end is lent, if there was only one strong, what would have been the answer?
It should be zero.
Right now, guys, let's come down to the.
In the problem statement, it has been given that a frog is currently on stony.
He can jump do one, two plus one or plus two.
Right.
What I'll do is I just take the opposite if I am on some index, i.e. the frog can come from r u minus
one or I.
Yeah, but if I'm on index, I can come from a minus one.
Or he can come from a minus.
You ain't.
So yeah.
So right now I'm moving in a tabulation form and after this, we'll move in a kind of dropdown menu
right into Oblong.
And we have to start from the end and from the first.
We will solve all the problems, all the ways, just like stay there with me, right?
So when I'm on index two ways, then at two I can come from one.
Eight from one I can go to do basically, but there's no index called zero.
So this index two has only one option that is coming from index one.
So I to the frog can jump to index two from index one only.
What will the total cost case.
The total cost will be very simple.
The total cost from.
But evolve two will be equal to.
And for one, that means what was the minimum cost reaching?
One eight?
Edge of two.
Minus edge of one.
It's absolute value, basically.
Right, because this wasn't caused from where I'm coming to.
So I'm not worried about our team doing it.
I'm not worried about how it came to index fund.
That's what the piece about.
You don't have to worry about those steps.
You have to worry about only one step.
And you don't have to say, okay, from an index to I can come from F of one then.
Yeah.
But you don't have to worry about two steps.
What do I mean?
Is this?
That.
Let's see.
I'm moving on to index for an index where I can come from index three and index two four.
Then when I'm calculating down.
So for index four, I don't have to worry about index fund.
That's what optimates obstruction means, right?
We all know that to calculate forward, we need only three in do.
But to calculate three, we might need to invent.
Hey.
But in for we are not worried about how to go to the next one.
We don't take one in that it goes in relation for food aid.
So we have to be optimal always.
We don't have to go to step stone.
We have to just move one step.
Don't.
So those one step down are some problems because those are problems are problems in themselves.
They.
Sitting next to him coming from a Knicks one only that means I have only one part, so I'll just take
the answer and edit here.
But it will be how much?
Zero plus 30 minus ten with just 21.
Now an index three.
Now I'm on index three.
So if I want index three, I can either come from index one or I can come from index.
You're doing three, right?
So what should be the answer goes for index three.
Now I have two options at the from index one or from index to the both of these options will have their
own cost, whatever will be the minimum course that I'll take.
Right, because I want to find out the minimum possible total costs incurred before F of three.
We'll have a four for one plus a.
Three minus one.
Eight and F of three, we can also have F of two plus s three minus edge to exist.
That means from from one end of both we can go to three.
What's the best?
Price was the minimum costing them will take that was the minimum in these two guys let's calculate
this for when is zero plus it's three minus one is 30.
And of.
Who is 20 plus ten.
It is also 20 plus.
And because 40 -30 stem again will have the of 30 as the minimum, we can pick any of them eight because
we have being worried about dances.
So I just did the one thing that came to my mind.
You can also trace back these answers from where are these answers coming from?
I'll show you how to do that in different problems.
And then let's talk about the last valley which is ever fought.
Read What is a44 in a4444?
We can come from either two or we can come from either the eight.
So at four we can come from three or two, only eight.
So what is the minimum among them?
What F of three is 30 plus ten plus 20?
It will be 50.
And.
Yeah.
30 plus 20.
Or we can have 20 plus ten, which is F of two plus the difference between two and four.
It just ain't right.
So it is 30 here and it is 30 plus 2050 here.
It was the minimum guys.
The minimum is.
30.
Any of 30 and 58.
So what's the total?
Hmm?
It's terribly strong and this is 20 plus ten for the about the total words the final value when it reached
for it is 30.
This is the minimum possible total cost and good before the authorities like it.
So here you can easily notice this part that f for it was dependent on f of tree and f of two.
Right.
And F3 was depending on if off to an F1.
I mean, for, for I only want these two states and not the blue states because optimal substructure.
And here we have overlapping so problems we don't we don't have to calculate F of two again and again.
Of course, this is a small error rate.
It's very similar to the European economies.
There are trees very similar to the Fibonacci numbers because in that also we are dependent to states.
But in fact, when I give numbers, it was a summation of those two states and it is the minimum of
those two states plus the cost incurred.
Eight.
So.
Yeah, let's call this out and let's stick.
Yeah.
Teddy.
So let's copy this.
The estate and ordered.
You know what?
I'm fishing it.
But how can I do that?
Yes.
And is incredible for you agenda for four.
It's given me so that it doesn't exceed any integer value dancer doesn't exceed in integer value because
it will only go detected by our name.
But yes, we don't have to worry about that because we have already taken in this long running.
8000 yeah.
So initially we have nn it's input in.
Uh, let's say it's in the dumps right now.
I'm taking.
Zero based the indexing rate.
I'd say it's input all of this and right now I have to integrate the deep values for all the states.
They need to be.
We've already seen that because.
If I don't do, then what I do what I do care only one steward they're dependent on.
So f00.
We already know that.
And let's also fill.
F of one.
Great.
So give me a second.
Yep.
So what was.
For when you.
We never when we had.
F of zero plus.
Which is zero, of course.
Edge of one.
Look, there's a problem in this.
Let's if anything goes to one who and is not equal to one.
So no problem.
Eight.
I don't have to check whether each one is there or not.
It is at your one minus edge of zero.
And this is here.
It will be an absolute value.
Well, that means I can jump from 0 to 1.
Now let's include all the jumps from school to lesson in late what will be epiphany, but not if it
will really be.
Don't get confused.
Honey bees have only.
But I'm not feeling any of the value because I'm simply overriding the normal stuff here.
So it is deep your physical to minimum of deep of I managed to lose absolute value of etch i i you minus
one minus etch a comma.
So this is the first party.
This is a foursome that is I'm minus one jump.
And what is this, a condemned?
I managed to jump.
It will be the prime minister who actually managed to minus.
I take that full value, of course.
And yeah.
So the minimum of these will be my final answer.
The debate always goes.
You can see the debate being filled and the previous debates being called eight and 12 simply see out
NDP often minus one because I'm taking it as a zero base indexing stuff.
Maybe you have 30.
Let's check for some other.
Here we have.
Zero.
Great.
And let's check for this finally.
42.
I hope you understood this part, that if I am on some I instead of upgrading the forward part, which
is I plus one and I plus to this update, this check from where I can come to this particular index,
what is my recursively it is from here or here.
You don't have to think of two steps.
Okay, if I'm coming from here.
So where will it come?
Where it will come is itself up some problem that will be solved using dynamic programming.
So generally what happens with me whenever I, whenever I like going a problem and there are lots of
if else is that if this then this as this then this then again if as I just say that, okay, this is
our dynamic programming problem because there are so many fences.
So I just have to worry about one event.
One, it's not about two Nestor lives and two nested edges.
Great.
So this is the first part.
And this was the top down approach, guys.
Well, and now let me call it out in the bottom of fashion.
So should I do it in this?
Only.
No, let's do in the honor code before they submitted on Ecuador and submitted over here.
I'm not sure about whether I should come into this or not.
Let me summitted and check.
Yeah.
So what we have here is frog one.
And reading for judging it.
We have a combination error rate, so I think I should.
Coming out.
Here.
I heard C++ 14 initially.
Okay.
Let me quickly check my compilation error if it is.
Include its fine art funk.
It shouldn't be an error.
Okay.
Let me move it above you.
C++ clank.
No training.
Okay.
So it got passed in preliminary segments.
The problem was about language.
But we can see the execution down 31 milliseconds.
Now, what we'll do is we'll try to do it in the bottom of fashion.
So it's the first problem.
So I'm doing it for the ways.
Let me open new one and let's.
Poppy this.
Wasted.
And yeah, the commute is this one you guys have taken then.
But yeah, what I need is I need a vector, which will be the memo vector, so it should be integer
today.
It has to be stored in digits.
So before calling people, we will simply memo what you say is minus one, because minus one can never
be the answer.
What is the length of this?
It is and.
It'd be like I'm taking everything zero waste and mixing.
Now let's write this function called.
AP.
So I'll be passing on end.
How does all this simple see out VPN Norton and minus one because.
Starting from zero enix's.
So we laid the best guess this little.
Let's think of this deep.
So.
And minus one, I will be I will come from either n minus two or an minus one for this particular and
the struggle about this particular in well I'm coming at the from if yeah so let's say answers equals
to P and minus two plus absolute value of.
And minus.
Two, which is at Jovian minus two.
Again, guys, again, I have a problem.
So instead of taking action here, I have to it globally.
Okay, so let's call it from the starting.
Well, then I'll show you how I could when I do a bottom up approach.
What I do is I generally take a constant.
To define these make this that is to initialize these eddies.
And yeah, so here we have end to the power of five land, right?
If it was to introduce Buffer, we could have like two to it and so on.
Here, let's take the first eddy action and the signal images memo.
And well now let's input this so and see in RN and.
Move forward.
The in i.
Rule from there.
One have taken the input.
So this is I mean, but right here I do I mean, what he said.
It's a memo minus one size of.
So it will send the whole memo to minus one of course raised some of you might be wondering that length
of there is just six and we are setting the whole memo to be equal to minus one.
Eight of them.
So when we saw medical evidence in our test cases later, there can be some grotesque cases which everybody
favors their.
Lent.
So I'm doing it for the kids, basically.
So they're taking the land to be constant.
So he will simply say, Scott, BP and minus one eight.
So let's write this function.
BP and.
What a burglar and what are the solutions?
The first is a.
A, B and minus one.
That means, tell me, what is the best answer for Libya and minus one eight for the minus one index
and add the cost to coming to this index, which is n minus one minus at your current.
Well, guys, this is the first.
Because of religion that if I'm digging one jump, that means I'm coming from the B and minus one.
It means I'm coming from an minus one index.
And this is my Australian.
Well, and what is the second one?
So if, of course, if any is greater than or we can see if our minus two is greater than equal to zero
because we have two.
And in this case.
Eight.
So if, let's say four and is equal to one or zero, then I cannot use this.
So I have to apply for certain constraints, some conditions.
That is, if, if and minus two is greater than zero, then what I have to do is I have to say that
okay, answer is minimum of answer, which was already calculated comma DP and minus two m coming from
then minus two with index.
And the cost is absolute value of edge of n, minus two minus at Jove.
And.
Well, guys.
So why this?
Because if I don't have this condition, then let's say, and Izzy goes to one, so.
And minus two will be equal to minus one.
H, I have to have this condition and we take it in the minimum of answer only assimilated an answer.
Well.
So what does the base case, guys?
The base case is very simple.
If anything goes to 0 to 10.
Zero.
30.
So here again, we can see the 40, we get 40.
But yes, we haven't applied memorization of how to apply memorization before calculating answer.
Okay.
That's the first video.
So it might be a lot of new stuff in this.
Let me show you another new stuff in it, which is.
What I do is I will take answer to another variable of memory.
Well, now, whatever I do in answer variable, if I say answer surplus surplus, it will be equal to
memo and plus plus it will be same as this.
It's kind of the altruism was actually there this.
So basically there are two variables two different variables of the same address in the compiler aid.
So here what I'll do is I'll simply say if on the naughty goes to minus one.
Pertinence.
Otherwise, this answer has been calculated.
This is going on and I simply.
You're not.
So I don't have to talk.
I don't have to say a memo and is equipped to answer in a way because answer is in the variable of memo.
Everything is happening in memo eight and it's also readable.
Well.
So you can try this by taking different examples in your own compiler.
How does this work?
And yeah.
No, I don't have to memorize it.
Especially it's memories there.
Only because not only is that variable, everything is being manipulated in the answer.
Only that means memory itself is being changed.
Well, so.
Yeah, let's build this.
So we've got 14 knowledge submitted.
AP.
And Summit.
I did those these problems a long way back.
Right.
So you begin to work through their music inspired because they go to the stack is being called and a
little more time will be taken.
But yes, it's an oil installation.
Ain't no state will be calculated to ways.
And.
Both of the solution borrowing solutions.
The bottom up approach in which we are using for loops and filling in tabular form.
And the second is this because of relation approach, which is also cool approach.
I like this recursive approach because it's kind of more easy to code it, but there are limitations
on both of these.
So we'll face some problems and we'll discuss the limitations then.
So thank you guys in the next part.